Update description of `trainable` in "advanced.md" (#2289)
FluxML/Flux.jl: docs/src/models/advanced.md

```julia-repl
julia> Flux.@functor Affine

julia> a = Affine(Float32[1 2; 3 4; 5 6], Float32[7, 8, 9])
Affine(Float32[1.0 2.0; 3.0 4.0; 5.0 6.0], Float32[7.0, 8.0, 9.0])

julia> Flux.params(a) # default behavior
Params([Float32[1.0 2.0; 3.0 4.0; 5.0 6.0], Float32[7.0, 8.0, 9.0]])

julia> Flux.trainable(a::Affine) = (; a.W)  # returns a NamedTuple using the field's name

julia> Flux.params(a)
Params([Float32[1.0 2.0; 3.0 4.0; 5.0 6.0]])
```

Only the fields returned by `trainable` will be collected as trainable parameters of the layer when calling `Flux.params`, and only these fields will be seen by `Flux.setup` and `Flux.update!` for training. But all fields wil be seen by `gpu` and similar functions, for example:

```julia-repl
julia> a |> f16
Affine(Float16[1.0 2.0; 3.0 4.0; 5.0 6.0], Float16[7.0, 8.0, 9.0])
```

Note that there is no need to overload `trainable` to hide fields which do not contain trainable parameters. (For example, activation functions, or Boolean flags.) These are always ignored by `params` and by training:

```julia-repl
julia> Flux.params(Affine(true, [10, 11, 12.0]))
Params([])
```

> It is also possible to further restrict what fields are seen by writing `@functor Affine (W,)`. However, this is not recommended. This requires the `struct` to have a corresponding constructor that accepts those parameters. And the contentes `gpu`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to further restrict what fields are seen by writing `@functor Affine (W,)`. However, this is not recommended. This requires the `struct` to have a corresponding constructor that accepts only `W` as an argument, and the ignored fields will not be seen by functions like `gpu` (which is usually undesired).
```

Author: Thanks, I forgot to finish the sentence!
